astronauts were just call people
no matter what so give me any
astronaut I'm having a good time
with the astronauts
in this particular case Chris
Hadfield is
a Canadian astronaut okay
fighting he's the most famous
Canadian astronaut with a huge
following is a household name
household
face and in fact the Canadian
five-dollar bill
the backup that bill previously
hockey players on
I think Canada realize they
don't need to be reminded that
they like hockey
so the redesigned the bill and
now has
pipe Canada harm love the
International Space Station its
it's a it's a robotic arm that
can maneuver retrieve someone to
help you
32 hugely useful
addition to being in space
that was designed built many
fashion cannon says Canada right
on the side
hit the maple leaf in that same
frustration is a national they
can see the face cause
visor Chris have to tell me that
so that's cool
I'm school up for the United
States to be a money actually
have to be dead
so I say congratulations on I'm
but what made him extra fun was
that he's also musicians and
composers music
and he brought his guitar into
space
and played a lower-body for his
daughter used our
for her to go to sleep you also
sang and played
perform Space Odyssey David
Bouley house there was a line
from it
ground control to Major
right that's that's what we all
know that song eatery performed
that made a video of it went
viral
here he is
enabling space to become
familiar
backyard was all